PARKINSON'S TECHNIQUE:

How to get more done in less time.

Tim ferriss is one of the most talented modelers(a person who makes a simple description of a system or a process that can be used to explain it) have heard about here's why i say this some years ago tim won a gold medal at the chinese kickboxing national championship with only four weeks of preparation. He won all the fights by technical knockout in a competition where according to him almost all fighters had from five to ten years of experience how he did it.

"He did it by modeling the best and effectively applying what he had learned."


He learned only what was necessary and applied it he focused on the few things that worked and ignored the rest.


This technique allowed him to

1. Identified the few critical things that would produce the major part of the results he wanted.
 and
2. Also allowed him to do or learn these things in the shortest period of time possible.



I know it sounds like promising so much but if someone becomes a gold medalist at a kickboxing championship with only four weeks of training defeating fighters with over ten years of experience while that guy deserves some credit.

Tim ferriss productivity technique:
what tim actually does is it combines two very popular productivity tips.

There are two synergistic approaches for increasing productivity they're in versions of each other.

1. Limit tasks to the important to showing work time and 
2. Short work time to limit tasks to the important. These two popular productivity tips complement each other.


80/20 PRINCIPLE:

His technique consists in using them both for maximum productivity so limit test to the important in short work time use the 80/20 principle.




This law was born when the italian economist vilfredo pareto noticed that approximately 80% of the wealth in this country was possessed by only 20% of the population. And that 80% of the land easily was owned by only 20% of the people there. Clearly this rule also applies outside of economics. In fact pareto developed this principle by observing that the majority of the pees in his garden were produced by few of the pea pods there. So the 80/20 principle in our case would mean that approximately 80% of the results you get comes from 20% of your efforts. 80% of your grace for example are produced by only 20% of what you do while studying. And limiting your tasks to the important to certain work time would mean to identify and focus on the handful of actions you take to generate the most significant parts of the results you get and completely eliminate or delegate all the rest. It only works when you avoid spending time with the meaningless activities. That's why elimination is the crucial part of this technique. Now that you found these 20% activities and you're working on them.

PARKINSON'S LAW:

To short work time and limit tests to the important the parkinson's law.


The parkinson's law is what will allow you to complete these activities in the shortest period of time possible. This law developed by cyril parkinson states that a task will expand in relation to the time available for its completion. This means that the amount of time you have to work on a task is the exact amount of time it will take you to finish the task. The amount of time your teacher gives you to prepare for a test is the exact amount of time it will take you to prepare for it. Whether it's one week or one night. As tim said it is the magic of the imminent deadline. We tend to respond very positively to deadlines. A deadline is so powerful that it gives people the energy and focus enough to complete in a single day a task they could not complete in weeks. So use this principle in our favor we need to be constantly challenging ourselves to finish a task in a shorter period of time. Setting new deadlines in reducing the time you have to complete a task. You will become amazed on how productive and effective you can be under a short deadline. Of course there is a limit for the amount of time you can reduce and that's exactly what we want to stretch yourself to that limit.

TIM FERRISS TECHNIQUE

The tim ferriss technique consists in combining the 80/20 principle with the pareto's law for maximum productivity.

He limits tasks to the important to shorten work time aka 80/20 principle and shortens work time to limit tasks to the important. The parkinson's law. The best solution is a said is to use both together identified a few critical tasks that contribute mostly results and scheduled them with very short and clear deadlines. For me this technique resumes and clearly explains all the reason activity and effectiveness. I mean once you've defined and have been working on the vital few activities that produce the major part of your results and you've been challenging yourself to complete these activities in the shortest time possible. What else could you do to become a product so this is the tim ferriss productivity technique.